HANA database driver (#5107)
OSGeo/gdal: doc/source/drivers/vector/hana.rst

   value is 'OGR_FID'.
-  **FID64**: Specifies whether to create the FID column with BIGINT
   type to handle 64bit wide ids. The default value is 'OGR_FID'.
-  **COLUMN_TYPES**: Specifies a comma-separated list of strings in 
   the format field_name=hana_field_type that define column types.
-  **BATCH_SIZE**: Specifies the number of bytes to be written per one
   batch. The default value is 1024.

Multitenant Database Containers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In order to connect to a tenant database, you need to specify a port number
assigned exactly to a desired instance. This port number can be determined
by executing the following query from the tenant database.

   ::

      % SELECT SQL_PORT FROM SYS.M_SERVICES WHERE ((SERVICE_NAME='indexserver' and COORDINATOR_TYPE= 'MASTER') or (SERVICE_NAME='xsengine'))

For more details, see **Section 2.9 Connections for Multitenant Database Containers**
in `SAP HANA Multitenant Database Containers <https://help.sap.com/doc/0987e3b51fb74e5a8631385fe4599c97/2.0.00/en-us/sap_hana_multitenant_database_containers_en.pdf>`__.

Examples
--------

-  This example shows how to list HANA layers on a specified host using

>    `ogrinfo <http://www.gdal.org/ogrinfo.html>`__ command.

Author: Fixed in 2f270a99c0303c1b2ba88d7092ff0feef2e00d07.

   layer to have their field names "laundered" into a form more
   compatible with HANA. This converts to upper case and converts
   some special characters like "-" and "#" to "_". If "NO" exact names
   are preserved. The default value is "YES". If enabled the table
   (layer) name will also be laundered.
-  **PRECISION**: This may be "YES" to force new fields created on this
   layer to try and represent the width and precision information, if
   available using DECIMAL(width,precision) or CHAR(width) types. If
   "NO" then the types REAL, INTEGER and VARCHAR will be used instead.
   The default is "YES".
-  **DEFAULT_STRING_SIZE**: Specifies default string column size. The
   default value is 256.
-  **GEOMETRY_NAME**: Specifies the name of the geometry column in new
   table. If omitted it defaults to *GEOMETRY*.
-  **GEOMETRY_NULLABLE**: Specifies whether the values of the geometry
   column can be NULL or not. The default value is "YES".
-  **SRID**: Specifies the SRID of the layer.
-  **FID**: Specifies the name of the FID column to create. The default
   value is 'OGR_FID'.
-  **FID64**: Specifies whether to create the FID column with BIGINT

>    type to handle 64bit wide ids. The default value is 'OGR_FID'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   type to handle 64bit wide ids. The default value is NO.
```
